to connect our battery of course what we
need is battery cable solder lug notice
there's a slot at the top of the leg
here and the little blowtorch okay so
first of all what we do we measure up
the depth of the lug we then strip the
wire we insert the wire into the lug
while twisting it you get most of the
wires in if you miss a little bit it
doesn't really matter that much you can
always cut them off after okay and then
if you have a vice put your wire with
the login device standing upright like
this or if you haven't use just a pair
of vise grips and to hold a wire into
place and now what we do is we heat I
love just around the base of it you want
to get it fairly nice and hot while we
do that we get our solar ready okay just
a bad enough and we put our solar in the
top of the slot here and we'll wait till
it starts melting and we just keep
adding more and more solar while we're
heating we want to try and get as much
in there as we possibly can so we get a
nice solid connection neck okay see how
the solar just keeps flowing in there
eventually it will come down to the
bottom and then we'll have a nice solid
little connection
was very very important was we don't
want it to come up at all right that
will just about there there we turn off
our torch and we let it cool down a bit
and as soon as cool down we put our
shrink wrap on heat it up and finish our
connection and here is what the finished
product looks like shrink wrap on there
and not sneak connection and now we're
ready to connect up their battery